Talk to you, everybody happy.
Who's talking to anyone and I'm going to tell you today.
I do not know how to make music history in the
backyard is not the silas
Good, I'll leave it up to the title.
Come here for the ones that I explain.
step by step as it work
they do not quite understand how the
sister is good first what you
to determine if you are going to create the
This can be solo or with your friend is
You will use the game cost but can not
no way do you have too much trouble
twizy or put rounds high then you
will put the cost game with your friend
will leave round 1 and will leave the
same original difficulty
Change, says good people, I'm going to use the
video here explaining to you what you have
what to do
You'll come here in that part of the
back here and you will see the
population are seeing that they are 0
now then when to even start killing
There's going to be 99 in the city, there's beauty there.
You gotta start round the zombie is
attacking has 99 what are you going to do
you will leave this d'aquino 15
this number here then as you
kill a zombie
he's going down 98 97 96 killing and going
lowering
as you see in the video they will
have to leave here at 15 and you guys will
watch that watch here
when you have 15 and the white pointer
you have 1 and the red pointer 10
stopped what will you do you will
have to open this door in this house
on here
but how is it that we do not change a little bit here?
in the game that you press to leave fast
I already showed it to you.
so it's beauty then about 1
15 of population you'll leave it
not real of 6
I tell you that it's normal to
six because it is normal of six that you
manages to kill as much as necessary
to do that so let's go there
quietly that the person gives a vision
fast
I got it, it 's sort of the
team to get better there for you guys
You here stay very smooth without having
burst nerve people were asking me
I managed to make the picture look beautiful.
great now with the wonderful sound martin
katz in good faith a little river that I
I had to give it to you.
ah I have not seen any
youtube right?
now I do not know if bruno just 7 put
this it will put if it is to copy
of me I want him to be if the
Credits for me is that it's a very expensive
good is good on shoulders yes but if he sees
this video here for sure it goes
do because I'm sure but until
let him keep quiet for me then who
knows it gives a Latin touch all over there and
here and for anyone who wants to bring
even because I saw in this channel earring and
I thought the guys have to know one.
little story all easter egg that is
well on the nail and if this is the song
observer kit black ops
taking if not accelerate in a while
Until we hit then we'll see how many
population tech
you can see that they were already well
A little bit more and I did not get it.
this box of water comes from and I think
here already you make decisions you can see there
With me, I was holding a round.
because it means getting a little
complicated and here I was already 26
came back fast in the year 21 video
So I slowly killed myself, never
it goes down
So when we get to 16 you kill more.
A zombie comes quickly I went there
check to see if you were there
check in this item 15 and 15 is how you
We see here the population and 15 here
does not kill but not even the zombie can not
shirt on the outside that they are there
your watch
I spoke on the 10 white pointer at a point
red 10
Are you going to open that door?
enter here will come here open this door
who can triumph his and any other
thing and what are you going to do?
When you pick it up, it's going to start
search
So let's go soon, I 'll leave you guys.
already the easter egg of that joinha
from that favorite sign up for the channel
and helping and or disclose this video
That's it for people who do not know that
interregnum that such
many thanks to andrey from the points
to find out how I'm doing now
very happy with this, I'll have everyone there
the mac pecs
Thank you so much, I hope you all
You liked this video is simple.
fast and only six spaces there that I said
It's quick that you can not get the
They had the easter egg there in the back yard a lot
Thank you for everything, thanks.
next video
he was champion